 I contributed to several aspects of this project. For part 1 of the project, I designed and implemented the first draft of our data model. I also participated in discussions later on regarding how we developed our data model. Specifically, I encouraged our group to drop the pet_id foreign key from “Person” and instead simply have the owner_id foreign key in “Pet”. I think this was a good idea because of the relationship between Pet and Person. One person can submit many pets to our site. So, a user joining and submitting 10 pets would increase our Pet table by 10 tuples, but would also increase our Person table by 10 users. With the data model I suggested, there is no needless duplication of people in the Person table.  One user joining and adding 10 pets would add 1 tuple to Person and 10 to Pet. My teammates completed most of the rest of part 1.
 
For part 2 of the project, I researched how to and implemented most of our URL mapping, including how to set up detail views so that keys can be used to access specific detail views for users or pets on our website. I wrote some of our views.py, including index, submit, persondetailview and petdetailview. I also implemented some of our html templates including generic.html, index.html, person_detail.html, pet_detail.html, and submit.html. This involved taking html, css, and bootstrap which I had written for project 1, and adding blocks and tags so that we could maintain one html structure(generic.html) across all of our pages, but allow each subclass to display unique content.  

Lastly, I set up our video capturing software and shot our video. Jacob and I acted as primary coders for this project. To see what I submitted specifically, my commits on github should appear as “PatrickRobb” or “Vagrant.”  Thank you for reading.
